---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coolify_server Data Source - coolify"
subcategory: "server"
description: |-
  
---

# coolify_server



## Exemplo de Uso

```terraform
data "coolify_server" "example" {
  uuid = "example-id"
}

output "server_name" {
  value = data.coolify_server.example.name
}
```

## Argumentos e Atributos

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier of the server.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the server.
- `description` (String) A description of the server.
- `high_disk_usage_notification_sent` (Boolean) Indicates if a high disk usage notification has been sent.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the server.
- `log_drain_notification_sent` (Boolean) Indicates if a log drain notification has been sent.
- `port` (Number) The port used by the server.
- `private_key_uuid` (String) The ID of the private key associated with the server.
- `proxy` (Attributes) Proxy settings for the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `settings` (Attributes) Settings related to the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `swarm_cluster` (String) The swarm cluster associated with the server.
- `team_id` (Number) The ID of the team that owns the server.
- `unreachable_count` (Number) The count of times the server was unreachable.
- `unreachable_notification_sent` (Boolean) Indicates if an unreachable notification has been sent.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the server.
- `user` (String) The user associated with the server.
- `validation_logs` (String) Logs related to server validation.

<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- `force_stop` (Boolean) Indicates if the proxy is forcefully stopped.
- `status` (String) The status of the proxy.
- `type` (String) The type of the proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `concurrent_builds` (Number) The number of concurrent builds allowed on the server.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the server.
- `delete_unused_networks` (Boolean) Indicates if unused networks are deleted.
- `delete_unused_volumes` (Boolean) Indicates if unused volumes are deleted.
- `docker_cleanup_frequency` (String) The frequency of Docker cleanup operations.
- `docker_cleanup_threshold` (Number) The threshold for Docker cleanup operations.
- `dynamic_timeout` (Number) The dynamic timeout setting for the server.
- `force_disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is forcefully disabled.
- `force_docker_cleanup` (Boolean) Indicates if Docker cleanup is forcefully executed.
- `generate_exact_labels` (Boolean) Indicates if exact labels are generated.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the server settings.
- `is_build_server` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is a build server.
- `is_cloudflare_tunnel` (Boolean) Indicates if the server uses a Cloudflare tunnel.
- `is_jump_server` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is a jump server.
- `is_logdrain_axiom_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if log drain to Axiom is enabled.
- `is_logdrain_custom_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if custom log drain is enabled.
- `is_logdrain_highlight_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if log drain to Highlight is enabled.
- `is_logdrain_newrelic_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if log drain to New Relic is enabled.
- `is_metrics_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if metrics collection is enabled.
- `is_reachable` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is reachable.
- `is_server_api_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the server API is enabled.
- `is_swarm_manager` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is a Swarm manager.
- `is_swarm_worker` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is a Swarm worker.
- `is_usable` (Boolean) Indicates if the server is usable.
- `logdrain_axiom_api_key` (String) The API key for Axiom log drain.
- `logdrain_axiom_dataset_name` (String) The dataset name for Axiom log drain.
- `logdrain_custom_config` (String) The custom configuration for log drain.
- `logdrain_custom_config_parser` (String) The parser for custom log drain configuration.
- `logdrain_highlight_project_id` (String) The project ID for Highlight log drain.
- `logdrain_newrelic_base_uri` (String) The base URI for New Relic log drain.
- `logdrain_newrelic_license_key` (String) The license key for New Relic log drain.
- `metrics_history_days` (Number) The number of days to retain metrics history.
- `metrics_refresh_rate_seconds` (Number) The refresh rate for metrics in seconds.
- `metrics_token` (String) The token used for metrics collection.
- `server_id` (Number) The ID of the server.
- `server_timezone` (String) The timezone of the server.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the server.
- `wildcard_domain` (String) The wildcard domain associated with the server.




## Importação

